Education

Wright State University. Dayton, OH
B.S. in Computer Science, Minor in Mathematics
Aug. 2018 – May. 2021
- Select Courses: HPC & Parallel Programming, Systems Simulations, Game Programming, Database Management, Numerical Methods, Differential Equations with Linear Algebra, Coding Theory, Theory of Computing, Combinatorics & Graph Theory, Calculus 1 – 3

Experience

Law Office of Gerard Lynch
2646 S. Loop W, Suite 310, Houston, TX, 77054
Data Analyst & Developer
May 2021 - Present
- Migrated the company's Prevail database into a modern case management software. Wrote SQL and Python scripts to profile, export, and clean data before migrating.
- Consolidated tech resources held by prior contractors, and deployed a new Centos web host which was used for further app development and hosting a variety of business tools as well as a WordPress website. Also deployed Sendy with Amazon SES for newsletters and other client communication.
- Created a Flask web app in Python to test imports, manipulate case data, or generate reports. Built a Google Workspace integration to pull case information through a REST API to generate legal documents and letters.

Wright State University
3640 Colonel Glenn Hwy. Dayton, OH 45435
Computer Science Tutor
Aug 2019 - May 2021
- Tutored CS topics in a walk-in helproom, requiring me to stay fresh on course material in multiple courses in the college. It became apparent early on how important it was to adapt my teaching style to fit each student that I tutored.

Laboratory Instructors
May 2019 - May 2021
- Taught programming lab sections, where I strove to make students feel comfortable asking questions about course material.
- Reviewed and graded all student course assignments, requiring rapid code comprehension. Wrote custom bash scripts to help automate many parts of the file processing.

Self-Employed
Lead Developer & Community Manager
Jan. 2015 – Aug. 2016
- Developed an original and unique fork of a popular open-source multiplayer role-playing video game. Players would take a role on a space station and attempt to survive while traitors were amongst them.
- Maintained the Linux servers to host the SQL databases for the game and the community website. A major feature that I added was connecting an SQL database to store player characters and level data.
- Co-host and admin, managed hundreds of daily active users on both the game server and the community website. It was a challenge to monitor and manage a community of many players, but it gave a real understanding of how they interacted with our game.

Activities

Indie Developer
- Written custom game engines and simulators in C++, C, and Rust, utilizing OpenGL and SDL for visuals.

Programming Competitions
HPC & Parallel Programming Final Project: Placed 1st out of 46 students. May. 2021
WSU ACM Programming Comp.: Placed 1st in an undergraduate competition. Oct. 2020

Putnam Pet Pals
Volunteer: Built & maintain the local dog rescue group’s website. Feb. 2016 – Present

Engineers Without Borders
Volunteer: Volunteered with local outreach & fundraising activities. Jan. 2019 – Jun. 2019